# Capstone-Case-Study-1

A case study that's focused on a national rental car company called Lariat. Lariat is trying to make better decisions about the vehicles that they purchase for their national fleet. They have also defined some high-level business objectives that they want to meet, including minimizing costs and maximizing revenue. But they're looking to derive insights from the rental fleet data and recommend strategies for reaching their goals.

#### branch_locations

This worksheet contains information about each local branch of Lariat.

#### car_costs

This worksheet contains data about the costs associated with each car in the fleet. The data is from the most recent year.

#### car_id_mapping

This worksheet contains entries for individual vehicles in the Lariat fleet. This worksheet tells you the make, model, and model year of each vehicle.

#### car_revenue

This worksheet contains data about individual rental transactions. For each transaction, you'll have data that outlines the total revenue generated by the transaction. You'll also see other details about the renter and the branch location.

#### rental_car_fleet_planning

A PowerPoint deck that provides an analysis of the problem and provides recommendations.

#### strategies_final

An Excel model that they can use to make data-informed decisions about their fleet. It is based on the observed costs and revenue data from their fleet in recent years. There is a README tab including information about the tabs and how strategies tab works. 



